

## Configuration Options
Edit the plugins/SwiftApi/config.yml file to your liking.

The most important options are:

### Authentication Information (CHANGE THESE)
`username: admin
password: password
salt: saltines`
Leaving these at default would make it easy for an attacker to use this API on your server.

## Creating a Client App
Once you have downloaded the Apache Thrift compiler, you can create a client app in a few lines of code.

Check out the example PHP project here: https://github.com/phybros/swiftapi-example-php

Try the C#.NET/VB.NET tutorial here: http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/swiftapi/pages/examples/c-net-vb-net/

## Generate the Client Library

You can generate the client library (example is in C#) by typing

`thrift -r --gen csharp SwiftApi.thrift`
The -r option tells the compiler to generate code for all files (including ones that are referenced in SwiftApi.thrift with the include directive. The gen csharp option tells the compiler to generate C# code. This command will leave you with a gen-csharp directory with all the code you need to connect to a server running the SwiftApi plugin.

## Include the Code in your App

If you're using C#, you can just drag all the source files right into your client app to use them, or alternatively you could create a new project with the generated files to keep your code and the generated code seperate.

## Examples

Visit the Examples page for examples of how to use the code.

Here's an example in C#:

```
#!c#
//open a connection to a server running SwiftApi
TSocket socket = new TSocket("your.bukkitserver.org", 21111);
socket.Open();

//create a new SwiftApi client object
TBinaryProtocol protocol = new TBinaryProtocol(new TFramedTransport(socket));
SwiftApi.Client client = new SwiftApi.Client(protocol);

//get the server version and output it
Console.WriteLine("Server Version: " + client.getServerVersion(authString));

//close the connection
socket.Close();
Because the code is based on Apache thrift, you have access to many of the complex types in the CraftBukkit API, such as the Player object.
```
This example is in C#, but the thrift compiler is able to create libraries for almost ANY programming language.

Visit the Examples page for examples in some other languages

Available Programming Languages
As of version 0.9.0 of Apache Thrift, the following languages are available:

Actionscript 3 (AS3)
C (using GLib)
C
C#
Cocoa (Objective-C on Mac OS and iOS)
Delphi
Erlang
Go
Haskell
Java
Javascript
OCaml
Perl
PHP
Python (including Twisted async support)
Ruby
Smalltalk
Documentation
Full API documentation (generated by the Thrift compiler!) is available at http://willwarren.com/docs/swiftapi/latest.
